Felix Vasquez Jr.	fresh	Cinema Crazed	Sans nostalgia it's serviceable kids' entertainment at best with a paper thin plot, but a lot of Looney Tunes antics.	December 4, 2019
Rachel Wagner	fresh	rachelsreviews.net	Give it a watch through I bet you will agree it's an entertaining flick.	May 4, 2019
Kevin Jackson	rotten	Independent on Sunday	Space Jam is so obviously a work of the marketing/demographic-hunting mentality that it's rather surprising to find that the brazen creature gathers a certain charm as it rolls along.	March 22, 2019
Ryan Gilbey	rotten	Independent (UK)	Space Jam is nothing if not a product made by men who gauge a film's success by how many soft toys it spawns.	March 22, 2019
Sue Robinson	fresh	Radio Times	Children will love the energy of both the live and animated characters, and there's plenty to keep adults amused, too.	March 22, 2019
Dennis King	fresh	Tulsa World	The animation is eye-popping. And the co-mingling of 'toons and people is dazzling.	March 22, 2019
Rod Dreher	rotten	South Florida Sun-Sentinel	Space Jam is not a movie. It's a feature-length infomercial for Michael Jordan Inc. and a host of related corporations that made their product-placement arrangements early.	March 22, 2019
Jay Boyar	rotten	Orlando Sentinel	This isn't Looney Tunes, it's Sloppy Tunes.	March 22, 2019
Hugh Linehan	fresh	Irish Times	Brash, noisy and colourful, Space Jam should appeal to young basketball and cartoon fans alike.	March 22, 2019
Richard Corliss	rotten	TIME Magazine	The movie could have been a gleaming showcase for cartoon wit. Instead it's an 87-minute commercial peddling sainthood for Michael Jordan.	March 22, 2019
Malcolm Johnson	rotten	Hartford Courant	"Space Jam" soon demonstrates that this teaming of Michael Jordan and Bugs Bunny adds up to an air ball, not a slam-dunking "Who Framed Roger Rabbit."	March 22, 2019
David Sterritt	fresh	Christian Science Monitor	There are some hearty laughs, to be sure. Basketball buffs and comedy-lovers will chuckle at the sight of NBA stars reduced to silly stumblebums when the aliens purloin their talent.	March 22, 2019
Chris Kridler	fresh	Baltimore Sun	"Jam" gets two stars for amiability and sporadic humor, with the proviso that it's worth at least three stars for 5-year-olds, who will love it.	March 22, 2019
Michael Wilmington	fresh	Chicago Tribune	Its timing is blessed. Its audience is guaranteed. Its technique is spectacular. And it has two co-superstars almost universally admired and liked.	March 22, 2019
Brian D. Johnson	fresh	Maclean's Magazine	Jordan seems dwarfed by Space Jam's high-concept shenanigans. His performance amounts to a series of one-note reaction shots. He seems to have as much talent for acting as for baseball. But at least he has something to fall back on.	March 22, 2019
Justin Brown	rotten	Medium Popcorn	I can't see a kid today watching this movie and enjoying it.	August 30, 2018
Brandon Collins	fresh	Medium Popcorn	It's really bad, but the soundtrack cannot be denied. It alone bumps it up a few points.	August 30, 2018
Gene Siskel	fresh	Chicago Tribune	Space Jam is, at times, a hoot, especially when it has fun with Michael's less-than-stellar baseball career.	August 23, 2017
Tim Brayton	rotten	Antagony & Ecstasy	A mindless, feature-length insult to the dignity and perfection of the Looney Tunes.	December 4, 2016
Duane Byrge	fresh	Hollywood Reporter	Space Jam is a seamless marvel as Jordan slams and jams in the Looney Tune world. Animation co-directors Bruce Smith and Tony Cervone have orchestrated a dazzingly visual treat.	November 15, 2016
Jami Bernard	fresh	New York Daily News	It's about time Warner Bros. revived Bugs. He was the most irreverent, intelligent, sophisticated and appealing cartoon character ever to defy gravity.	November 14, 2015
Brian Orndorf	rotten	BrianOrndorf.com	I'm certainly not a fan of Space Jam, but it's hard to deny its rich tapestry of questionable ideas.	April 5, 2012
David Nusair	rotten	Reel Film Reviews	A silly, forgettable comedy...	January 3, 2012
Peter Canavese	rotten	Groucho Reviews	If you weren't a kid when you first saw Space Jam, you're a lot less likely to find it palatable. [Blu-ray]	October 14, 2011
Sky Staff	rotten	Sky Cinema	Coach Bill Murray ensures it's chaos for interplanetary relations but a slamdunk for fun.	September 7, 2011
David Gurney	fresh	Common Sense Media	Live-action/animation mix is good fun for kids.	January 1, 2011
Jay Carr	fresh	Boston Globe	Space Jam [whisks] Michael Jordan to Toontown for a make-or-break game with Bugs Bunny and the other Looney Tunes. Exuberantly mixing live action and animation, it's a high-energy dream teaming.	October 18, 2008
Jonathan Rosenbaum	fresh	Chicago Reader	Simpler and cruder than Who Framed Roger Rabbit in terms of story and technique, this is still a great deal of fun, confirming that Jordan is every bit as mythological a creature as Daffy Duck or Yosemite Sam.	March 24, 2008
Film4 Staff	fresh	Film4	Attempts to inject some hipness into the classic cartoon characters, not to mention some potty-mouthed dialogue, will enrage purists, but otherwise this pretty much scores a slam dunk with its under-five target audience.	March 24, 2008
TV Guide Staff	rotten	TV Guide	A cynical attempt to cash in on the popularity of Warner Bros. cartoon characters and basketball player Michael Jordan, inspired by a Nike commercial.	March 24, 2008
Todd McCarthy	fresh	Variety	Cute, rambunctious, generally amusing rather than outright funny, this clever mix of live action, highlighted by the unequaled skills of basketball superstar Michael Jordan, and animated Looney Tunes antics will be a must-see for kids.	March 24, 2008
Rita Kempley	rotten	Washington Post	Sufferin' succotash!	March 24, 2008
Nigel Floyd	rotten	Time Out	Visually, it's a mess: the attempts to blend 2- and 3-D animation with live-action and computer-generated images produce scenes that are fuzzier than the storyline.	June 24, 2006
Robin Clifford	rotten	Reeling Reviews	What I miss most of all is the absence of the late, great Mel Blanc.	April 9, 2005
Judith Egerton	fresh	Courier-Journal (Louisville, KY)	Space Jam isn't exactly a slam dunk. It's more of a graceful tip-in by Michael Jordan, with a snazzy assist by Bugs Bunny.	June 23, 2004
Ryan Cracknell	rotten	Apollo Guide	Succeeds in reintroducing the Looney Tunes name, but fails to capture the imagination and sharpness that defined them originally.	March 7, 2004
Lawrence Toppman	rotten	Knight Ridder News Service	Jordan proves to be as good an actor as he was a baseball player: He connects solidly with a punch line once in a while, but most of his jokes dribble weakly away.	November 20, 2003
John J. Puccio	rotten	Movie Metropolis	Space Jam is harmless kiddie fare, but it may not be every adult's idea of a good time.	November 10, 2003
Ralph Novak	rotten	People Magazine	There are no more ingratiating characters in the popular culture than Michael Jordan and Bugs Bunny, but even their monumental charisma is sorely tested in this charmless, vastly overhyped and greedily overmerchandised [film].	August 4, 2003
Janet Maslin	rotten	New York Times	This film was made very quickly by animation standards, and the haste shows.	May 20, 2003
