Felix Vasquez Jr.	Sans nostalgia it's serviceable kids' entertainment at best with a paper thin plot, but a lot of Looney Tunes antics.
Rachel Wagner	Give it a watch through I bet you will agree it's an entertaining flick.
Kevin Jackson	Space Jam is so obviously a work of the marketing/demographic-hunting mentality that it's rather surprising to find that the brazen creature gathers a certain charm as it rolls along.
Ryan Gilbey	Space Jam is nothing if not a product made by men who gauge a film's success by how many soft toys it spawns.
Sue Robinson	Children will love the energy of both the live and animated characters, and there's plenty to keep adults amused, too.
Dennis King	The animation is eye-popping. And the co-mingling of 'toons and people is dazzling.
Rod Dreher	Space Jam is not a movie. It's a feature-length infomercial for Michael Jordan Inc. and a host of related corporations that made their product-placement arrangements early.
Jay Boyar	This isn't Looney Tunes, it's Sloppy Tunes.
Hugh Linehan	Brash, noisy and colourful, Space Jam should appeal to young basketball and cartoon fans alike.
Richard Corliss	The movie could have been a gleaming showcase for cartoon wit. Instead it's an 87-minute commercial peddling sainthood for Michael Jordan.
Malcolm Johnson	"Space Jam" soon demonstrates that this teaming of Michael Jordan and Bugs Bunny adds up to an air ball, not a slam-dunking "Who Framed Roger Rabbit."
David Sterritt	There are some hearty laughs, to be sure. Basketball buffs and comedy-lovers will chuckle at the sight of NBA stars reduced to silly stumblebums when the aliens purloin their talent.
Chris Kridler	"Jam" gets two stars for amiability and sporadic humor, with the proviso that it's worth at least three stars for 5-year-olds, who will love it.
Michael Wilmington	Its timing is blessed. Its audience is guaranteed. Its technique is spectacular. And it has two co-superstars almost universally admired and liked.
Brian D. Johnson	Jordan seems dwarfed by Space Jam's high-concept shenanigans. His performance amounts to a series of one-note reaction shots. He seems to have as much talent for acting as for baseball. But at least he has something to fall back on.
Justin Brown	I can't see a kid today watching this movie and enjoying it.
Brandon Collins	It's really bad, but the soundtrack cannot be denied. It alone bumps it up a few points.
Gene Siskel	Space Jam is, at times, a hoot, especially when it has fun with Michael's less-than-stellar baseball career.
Tim Brayton	A mindless, feature-length insult to the dignity and perfection of the Looney Tunes.
Duane Byrge	Space Jam is a seamless marvel as Jordan slams and jams in the Looney Tune world. Animation co-directors Bruce Smith and Tony Cervone have orchestrated a dazzingly visual treat.
Jami Bernard	It's about time Warner Bros. revived Bugs. He was the most irreverent, intelligent, sophisticated and appealing cartoon character ever to defy gravity.
Brian Orndorf	I'm certainly not a fan of Space Jam, but it's hard to deny its rich tapestry of questionable ideas.
David Nusair	A silly, forgettable comedy...
Peter Canavese	If you weren't a kid when you first saw Space Jam, you're a lot less likely to find it palatable. [Blu-ray]
Sky Staff	Coach Bill Murray ensures it's chaos for interplanetary relations but a slamdunk for fun.
David Gurney	Live-action/animation mix is good fun for kids.
Jay Carr	Space Jam [whisks] Michael Jordan to Toontown for a make-or-break game with Bugs Bunny and the other Looney Tunes. Exuberantly mixing live action and animation, it's a high-energy dream teaming.
Jonathan Rosenbaum	Simpler and cruder than Who Framed Roger Rabbit in terms of story and technique, this is still a great deal of fun, confirming that Jordan is every bit as mythological a creature as Daffy Duck or Yosemite Sam.
Film4 Staff	Attempts to inject some hipness into the classic cartoon characters, not to mention some potty-mouthed dialogue, will enrage purists, but otherwise this pretty much scores a slam dunk with its under-five target audience.
TV Guide Staff	A cynical attempt to cash in on the popularity of Warner Bros. cartoon characters and basketball player Michael Jordan, inspired by a Nike commercial.
Todd McCarthy	Cute, rambunctious, generally amusing rather than outright funny, this clever mix of live action, highlighted by the unequaled skills of basketball superstar Michael Jordan, and animated Looney Tunes antics will be a must-see for kids.
Rita Kempley	Sufferin' succotash!
Nigel Floyd	Visually, it's a mess: the attempts to blend 2- and 3-D animation with live-action and computer-generated images produce scenes that are fuzzier than the storyline.
Robin Clifford	What I miss most of all is the absence of the late, great Mel Blanc.
Judith Egerton	Space Jam isn't exactly a slam dunk. It's more of a graceful tip-in by Michael Jordan, with a snazzy assist by Bugs Bunny.
Ryan Cracknell	Succeeds in reintroducing the Looney Tunes name, but fails to capture the imagination and sharpness that defined them originally.
Lawrence Toppman	Jordan proves to be as good an actor as he was a baseball player: He connects solidly with a punch line once in a while, but most of his jokes dribble weakly away.
John J. Puccio	Space Jam is harmless kiddie fare, but it may not be every adult's idea of a good time.
Ralph Novak	There are no more ingratiating characters in the popular culture than Michael Jordan and Bugs Bunny, but even their monumental charisma is sorely tested in this charmless, vastly overhyped and greedily overmerchandised [film].
Janet Maslin	This film was made very quickly by animation standards, and the haste shows.
